---
title: Hello world!
description: Is this the start of my blogger area?
author: Magdalena
date: 2025-11-29 12:00:00 
pin: true
categories: [Myself, 01 - Announcements]
tags: [general]
---

Yesterday evening I saw a commercial for a web hosting provider and, for a moment, I wondered whether I *really* needed a website.  
Of course, the honest answer is: no one *needs* a personal website. But something in me kept nudging:  
*“You’ve wanted to share what you’re learning for a long time. Maybe it’s finally time.”*  
I knew I could use Github Pages to host a static website for free and wanted to try that for a while anyway.
So… here we are.

I’m a curious person by nature—probably to a fault—and over the years I’ve collected little pockets of knowledge from many corners: programming, data science, the energy domain, process modelling, investing in the stock market, philosophy, the way we learn, and, naturally, the truly important things in life—like cats or baking delicious Vanillekipferl.

This website will be my digital home base. A place where I can share what I’m working on, explain things I’ve learned, document confusing-but-interesting rabbit holes, and maybe even write about ideas that are still half-formed. I have a lot of interests but tend to forget about things again from time to time, so this place here might help me keep track of some things.

To start, you’ll see posts related to my master’s thesis: background on the austrian energy market, technical details, and some things I wish someone had told me earlier. But over time, I hope this little space grows into a broader reflection of who I am. I want to use it as a place where I can share chunks of knowledge.

Let’s see where this goes.